They're preparing another attack.
We have 24 hours to stop it.
If I'm rescued, the president
will wanna see me, so will Almora.
Zadar's plane lands at 0400
at Joint Base Andrews.
The car will be all set to go.
He'll no longer be a problem.
Open lines of communication
between the three of us lock-fucking-step.
[ominous music playing]
[Redfield screaming]
[Redfield sobbing] Sarah.
Oh no!
-You were supposed to be watching her.
-[Maddie] You did it. Not me, you.
[Redfield] I'm sorry you have to invent
these stories to protect your conscience.
She's my daughter. Yeah, I'll…
I'll get her in line afterward.
What about Sutherland and the niece?
What if they've told someone?
[Rose] There's photos of dozens
of different pages.
These were taken in the Night Action room.
Have a date and time?
[Rose] Farr. She took the photos.
-That's undeniable.
-Peter?
Found information linking Farr
to the murder of Rose's aunt and uncle.
-Have you talked to POTUS or Almora?
-I can't get Almora on his phone.
-What about Zadar's detail?
-The schedule puts him at Blair House.
I called, Blair House says there's
no plans to have anyone there this week.
-Where else would they be keeping him?
-Camp David.
-We have to go.
-Go where?
Camp David.
The president wants to see you, and you.
Mr. Zadar, Secret Service.
Hope you had a good flight.
-How far is Camp David from here?
-Just under an hour.
[Chelsea] I've never seen
those agents before.
Call it off. We know that you, Redfield,
and Wick were behind the metro bombing,
and that all three of you
are planning on killing Zadar
and the president at Camp David.
What are you talking about?
Drop the fucking act.
[Diane] I would never hurt
Michelle Travers.
We're going to Camp David.
You're getting us in.
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
[basketball bouncing]
[man] All right, Petey.
Let's go, you and me.
[Peter] For real? Wearing that?
Let's see what you're gonna show
those college recruiters.
-You can't guard me.
-[Peter Sr.] Oh yeah?
Prove it.
[both panting]
[Peter grunting]
[Peter Sr. exclaiming]
[car tires screeching]
[car engines revving]
-Dad?
-It's all right.
[sinister music playing]
What's going on here, Alex?
We gotta search your place, Pete.
You're messing with me, right?
I'm afraid not.
-This isn't funny. In front of my son?
-I'm sorry, Pete.
[indistinct chatter]
-Am I under arrest?
-Arrest?
[Alex] No, no.
Not yet.
For now, I need your hard drives
and your phone.
My hard drives-- For what?
Alex, explain to me what's going on here.
Your phone, Pete.
[Peter Sr. sighing]
-I'm gonna need Petey's too.
-Fuck no.
Hey, I will not have you disrespect
an FBI agent and a friend.
We're all on the same team here.
Now, give him your phone.
-Thanks.
-I'm sorry.
I know, Petey.
I'm sorry too.
[opening theme music playing]
-I know what you're thinking.
-I promise you, you don't.
[Diane] Didn't know about
the metro bombing ahead of time.
I had nothing to do with it.
I was only involved in--
Cover up? Yeah, that's a lot better.
If the public knew about
every fuckup or scandal,
society would collapse on itself.
Don't think for a second
this isn't happening
in every office, every branch
of government, every single fucking day.
"Everybody's corrupt."
"System's fucked beyond repair."
"Why try? I was just doing my job."
Any other bullshit justifications
you wanna throw?
What is my job, Peter,
other than to protect the president?
Is that some moral calculus?
Kill the few to save the many?
Kill the many to save the nation?
I wish I could've stopped
Redfield and Wick
from having the metro bombed.
But covering for it
was non-negotiable for me.
If Travers hadn't ordered a Night Action,
none of this would've happened.
But after we found out
the Campbells met with Zadar,
we had to assume
they told him he was the real target.
The investigation had to be shut down.
You mean good people had to be murdered.
[tense music playing]
Why'd you pick me for Night Action?
I thought I could count on you.
You thought you could control me.
I hoped I wouldn't have to.
You really believe it, don't you?
I keep wondering
how someone could do any of this.
Lie and kill and still sleep at night.
But you've convinced yourself that this
"Sun Tzu fucks Machiavelli" philosophy
was the way to go.
-I don't expect you to understand.
-Oh, I understand perfectly.
You murdered my aunt and uncle
because they found out
what you were doing. That's it.
You weren't watching out
for the country or the president,
you were watching out for you.
So save the ass-covering bullshit
and just be grateful I'm not the one
holding the fucking gun.
[suspenseful music playing]
[whispering indistinctly]
[whispering] Okay.
-You new?
-Yeah.
-What's your name?
-Walter.
Walter. Should I have packed
for a longer stay?
Just like to be prepared.
Where's Garza?
He called in sick.
You mean "she." She called in sick.
We're all new to this detail.
How are Redfield and Wick gonna do it?
Not sure. Explosives maybe.
That's what was planned
when Zadar was the only target.
I never knew specifics,
but the basic idea is the more confusion,
the more conflicted parties present,
the more potential suspects,
the easier it is to just deny, deny, deny.
Easier to find scapegoats.
The narrative that Zadar was a terrorist
made him an obvious choice.
Cable news, Twitter, and the Elliot Romes
on the Internet will do the rest.
Just like they did with me.
That's why you chose me for Night Action.
In case shit went sideways for you,
you could use me as a fall guy.
[Rose] What're you doing?
The guards won't let you in
unless you're on the list for the day.
-You on the list?
-No, but I'm the chief of staff.
What about us? How are we getting in?
You'll be in the trunk.
[birds chirping]
Fuck no.
Look, I'm trying to save
my president and my friend,
but you're the ones holding the gun,
so you make the call.
You wanna get into Camp David or not?
-What's she done to earn back your trust?
-It isn't about trust. It's about access.
[suspenseful music playing]
What if she burns us, again?
It's our only way in.
If you fail,
you know how this ends, right?
Dead or alive,
you'll be the one they blame.
The perfect fall guy just like you said.
Just get us in.
[suspenseful music intensifying]
[Redfield] It's gonna be a quick hello
at Laurel Lodge
and then you can go lay down.
The president wants
to see Chelsea too, right?
That'll be after.
She wants a moment with just you first.
Briggs, I need to talk to Almora.
Can I get a comms?
That's a no-go, comms are down.
They're working on it.
Headed to talk to him at Aspen.
I can have him meet you at Laurel.
Just follow Walter.
What did your dad say?
I'm going to see Travers alone.
The second you get within ten feet of her,
you warn her, okay?
Don't give her details,
just tell her she's in danger.
-Where will you be?
-I don't know yet, but I'll find you.
[car engines starting]
[indistinct chatter]
Maddie, this way.
[Walter] Arrington, over here.
She'll be fine.
Come on.
[tense music playing]
Where is the president?
She's on her way.
I'll explain more in a minute.
[keypad beeping]
[lock clicking]
It's all right, sweetheart.
Where's your suitcase?
-Is there a bathroom I could use?
-Sit tight.
It won't be too long.
[intense dramatic flourish playing]
[car window whirring]
I'm Diane Farr.
The president's chief of staff.
Sorry, I didn't recognize you.
It's fine, but I need to see her.
Your name's not on the list.
I know it's not.
I'm supposed to be somewhere else today.
But an urgent national security issue
just flared up. Call Ben Almora.
Actually, our radios are down.
Something about the comms tower.
[Diane] That's your problem.
I'm here on behalf of the president
and your commander-in-chief.
You've got my credentials,
you checked my vehicle.
Let me through, so I can do my job
helping the leader of the free world.
-All good?
-Almost.
Ma'am, pop the trunk.
[Diane] Oh, for fuck's sake.
I don't have time for this.
Unless you wanna be responsible
for an international crisis,
you need to open the fucking gate,
and I won't ask
for your names and commanding officer.
[man] It's fine.
Have a good day.
[Diane sighing]
This way.
[door creaking]
[lock clicking]
[unsettling music playing]
What is this?
Somewhere we can be safe.
[lock clicking]
-I don't wanna be down here.
-It'll all be over soon, honey.
Promise.
What's happening?
-Why are we here?
-[Redfield] We need to protect ourselves.
Listen, the president
is meeting a man here today.
Omar Zadar.
He's a terrorist, Maddie.
He is the kind of people
we have been fighting for decades.
Now, I've been trying
to explain this to Travers,
but she doesn't understand real politics.
She's soft,
which makes her as dangerous as him.
I don't understand.
If he's so dangerous, why is he here?
[Redfield] Exactly.
With all the blood on Zadar's hands,
who knows what could happen?
So we need to be ready.
Ready for what?
This is the safest place at Camp David,
so we just need to sit for now.
Just… just sit tight and… and wait.
Dad, what did you do?
[Redfield] I made mistakes.
Too many to count.
When Sarah died, I--
There was all this pain and rage,
and I didn't know what to do with it,
and I… and I… I put it all on you.
I was fucking awful.
Why are you talking about Sarah?
Because, honey, it was never your fault.
It was all mine, Maddie.
[Maddie sobbing]
[Redfield] It was always my fault…
[voice breaking] …and I am so…
so sorry.
[Redfield kissing]
This will be all over soon.
I just need you
not to ask me any more questions, okay?
I want a new beginning.
Please.
[suspenseful music playing]
Stay down until I find Almora.
-Where's the attack gonna be?
-In a group setting, indoors.
Wait here.
[Ben] Diane?
What the hell are you doing here?
-I have to talk to POTUS.
-How'd you get here?
There's no fucking time, Ben.
The president is in danger.
Diane, answer the question.
Wait, there's no detail here.
Meaning?
Travers isn't in there.
Let's go.
-[Diane] Where is she?
-She's rolling calls in the Rosebud.
We need to evacuate her
from Camp David now.
Evacuate? In 15 minutes,
she's meeting with Zadar.
There's a bomb on the property.
[Ben] That's impossible.
This place is a fortress.
It's happening from the inside.
-You know this how?
-[Diane] Listen to me.
There is a bomb at Camp David.
We need to evacuate Travers.
Call her detail.
I can't. The comms are down.
You're not supposed to be here, Miss Farr.
-[Diane grunting]
-[Ben] Fuck.
[both grunting]
-[both grunting, straining]
-[intense music playing]
[Ben grunting]
[body thudding]
[glass breaking]
[Ben gasping]
[Nathan panting]
[birds chirping]
[Ben coughing]
Oh my God.
-[Peter] Here.
-[Diane groaning]
Hello?
[radio static]
The comms are still down.
[Diane groaning]
[Diane] There's a communications building.
Everything at Camp David
runs through there.
Wick would know to hit it.
Well, if it's a cyberattack,
maybe I can fix it.
Where is it?
-[Nathan] We're secure?
-[Walter] Closed frequency. Go ahead.
I need backup east of Aspen Lodge.
Sutherland is here.
Laurel Lodge, you're closest. Do you copy?
[Walter] Copy.
Still tied up here.
Guess comms are back up.
Can I talk to Almora now?
[Nathan] Fine, we'll go now.
Boyle, how long?
[suspenseful music playing]
[Nathan] Boyle, can you hear me?
[Boyle] They're five minutes out.
All right. Setting for ten then.
In three, two, one.
All set.
[Walter grunting]
[both grunting]
[Walter straining]
[Walter grunting]
[Chelsea panting]
[Walter groaning]
[indistinct chatter]
Has anyone seen a black hard-shell case?
Anyone?
God.
You don't need to do
whatever you're about--
It's a war, about ideas, about freedom.
You understand?
The president is now the enemy.
I'll protect you though.
Dad, please…
stop whatever it is.
Even if I… I could,
there's no stopping it now.
[sinister music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[birds chirping]
Sam, is that you?
No, but Sam sent us
to see if you need any help.
[man] Not unless you know something
about military-grade communications.
It's your lucky day.
Does this building
also handle cell service?
Cellular, Wi-Fi, UHF, VHF.
Looks like an outside hack.
If the Russians knew this was down,
we'd have a problem.
Mind if I have a look?
[keyboard clacking]
This is a mess.
You said that this building covers
all radio waves on the property?
Yeah, everything but air traffic.
Why?
If the communication's down,
there's no way to hack this remotely.
-You have to--
-Connect directly.
[both grunting]
[man shouting]
-[Rose yelling]
-[man screaming]
[Peter roaring]
[panting] You all right?
Yeah, you?
-How many more of them are there?
-[Peter] No idea.
Looks like he's still got his walkie,
which means that
not all the comms are down.
If they are, they're not coming from here.
They must be running
their own closed channel.
Think you can get this up and running?
-I'll try my best.
-Good.
[cell phone vibrating]
Yeah?
-[Nathan] Farr showed up
with Sutherland and the girl.
I had to take care of Farr and Almora,
but this is going sideways.
I think we might be fucked.
-Is Redfield in place?
-[Nathan] Yeah, I dialed it in.
-We have six minutes.
-Hey, you got this.
I didn't have a choice, right?
[Gordon] Do what it takes,
and I'll be here when it's over.
[suspenseful music playing]
[car door opening, closing]
These must be for the data network.
That means this router is radio comms.
If I can console this, get it working,
I can get Secret Service
talking to each other.
-Great, do that.
-[Nathan] We are a go.
POTUS should be arriving any minute.
What?
[Nathan] Confirm the case
is still in position.
Confirm the case is still in position.
Confirmed.
Anyone have eyes on Sutherland?
He's not here.
After the press conference,
I was hoping we could have a talk,
just the two of us.
Of course.
Boyle, you on track?
Two beeps to confirm.
[radio beeping]
[Nathan] Make sure you're close
to the building.
If for any reason
the first one does not hit,
be ready for our contingency.
Four minutes.
I'll be in position
in the woods south of Laurel Lodge.
-Peter, what's going on?
-It's starting.
So just stay here.
See if you can get the comms up.
-Where are you going?
-I'm gonna try to stop it.
[Rose] Peter!
[whispering] Fuck.
[indistinct chatter]
I'm sorry, do you need to be here?
Secret Service.
Is the meeting happening in this lodge?
No, but there's a photo op happening
before the luncheon.
-What are you looking for?
-A black Pelican case.
I told the photographers to stash
their equipment in the other room.
[intense music playing]
[sinister music playing]
[Peter panting]
POTUS two minutes out.
[Nathan grunting]
Call it off, Briggs!
Stop what you're doing
and find the exit.
President Travers is on her way here.
There's a bomb in this building.
You need to get everyone out now.
Right now. Go.
[music fades]
What if I want out?
What do you mean?
I mean, what if I wanna leave right now?
Well, why would you wanna do that?
Uh, it's not safe up there.
-We're a team.
-I can't do this anymore.
-Do what?
-Smile like everything is normal.
I won't.
Maddie… it's about to happen.
-I can't be a part.
-You won't survive.
Open it!
Tell him to open it.
[tense music playing]
I won't keep this secret.
I'll tell everyone everything,
and I'll fucking tear you down.
[Redfield sighing]
Let her out.
[suspenseful music playing]
[door locking]
[both grunting]
[both straining]
[Rose sighing heavily]
[Rose] Come on, come on, come on.
Fuck yeah.
[birds chirping]
[radios chiming]
Comms are up.
I need your walkie.
You need to evacuate the building.
All agents, we have a code two
at Laurel Lodge. Do not enter.
-There is a bomb in the building.
-Copy that, diverting.
There's a bomb Madam President. This way.
[both grunting]
-[Peter straining]
-[Nathan screaming]
[both screaming]
[Nathan screaming, grunting]
[Maddie screaming]
I'm in here!
[Peter] Call it off!
-Call it off!
-[soldier] Gun down now!
-[Nathan] Help! He's got a gun!
-[soldier] Gun down, now!
He's trying to kill the president!
-Bomb! Clear! Get the car!
-[indistinct clamoring]
-We only have 30 seconds. Go!
-[Maddie] Help!
Help!
[banging on door]
[Maddie] Help!
-Maddie?
-Chel-- Chelsea?
[Chelsea] What's the code?
Four-six-one-seven.
[keypad beeping, chiming]
[both panting]
[intense music swelling]
[all screaming]
What the hell?
[Nathan grunting]
Hey, stop!
[both groaning, breathing heavily]
It's done.
Mr. President?
This is unit one evacuating.
Headed to Marine One.
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct shouting]
Briggs, you copy?
-Go for Briggs.
-[man] We're go for contingency.
Evacuating POTUS to Marine One now.
Abort, okay? Repeat, abort contingency.
Too late, it's already done.
Rigged to go on wheels up.
[soldier] We got a suspect loose..
White male, twenties.
Last seen near Rosebud,
headed east on foot. Armed and dangerous.
-Shoot on sight.
-Don't shoot, don't shoot.
Who's this?
All units, comms are compromised.
I repeat, comms are compromised.
Shit.
[intense music playing]
[helicopter engine powering up]
Look out. Behind you.
Sutherland's here.
-[man] Drop it, now.
-Listen to me!
There's a bomb on Marine One!
It's rigged to blow on lift off!
-Drop it.
-[Peter] Not until you kill the engine!
[Michelle] It's okay.
-What do you want, Peter?
-I don't wanna hurt you, ma'am.
-Drop the fucking gun.
-Not until you kill the fucking engines!
Kill the engines.
Pilot, clear the chopper.
[helicopter engines powering down]
Listen to me. I'll drop the gun
after you clear the helo, okay?
There's a bomb on board.
That agent was involved,
Briggs was involved,
the vice president's involved.
He's trying to kill you.
-They're trying to kill the president!
-[man] You're holding a gun.
-Just clear the fucking helo!
-We will once you drop your weapon.
I drop this, they shoot me.
Please. I promise, ma'am,
I don't wanna hurt anybody.
Just check the cabin.
Do it.
Check the chopper for IEDs.
[Rose] Peter!
[soldiers] Let me see your hands!
-Hands up!
-Don't kill her. She's not involved.
-She's not involved.
-You don't have to do this.
I don't wanna hurt you, ma'am, okay?
I don't wanna hurt anybody.
I love my country.
Nothing here.
That's it. There's nothing on the chopper.
Drop the weapon now.
It's on there! Check it again!
Check it right now!
[sniper] In position.
[man 2] When you have it, take it.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[soldier 2] Wait.
What is it?
[soldier 2] We found something.
What are they saying?
What are they saying?!
Clear the area! Get down!
[all screaming]
[tense music playing]
[high-pitched ringing]
Stay down.
[man] This way, ma'am.
No! Wait!
[soldier] Stop! Stop right there!
Stand down! He's with us!
Please, listen, I can explain everything.
Please stop.
[Chelsea] It's okay.
Peter. [panting]
Hey.
-You good?
-Are you?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm good.
[Rose] You sure?
[chuckling] Because you look like shit.
[both chuckling]
[Peter wincing]
[dramatic music playing]
[man] Down this way. Over here.
Thank God.
Found him.
We heard screaming,
and then somebody said "bomb,"
and then we heard an explosion.
Two explosions, sir.
My daughter?
Maddie?
-Is she--?
-[Chelsea] She's fine.
Wanna say hi?
[fire crackling]
[footsteps approaching]
I heard the explosion.
Is she alive?
Look at you, lying here like this
and still thinking of others.
I'm so sorry.
You know what?
I believe you.
And still…
I can't wait to see you dead.
I deserve it.
[tense music playing]
You deserve worse.
[Diane yelping]
Which is why I'm gonna keep you alive
until the paramedics come.
And when you're standing trial,
I'll be in the front row watching,
while you clear Peter's name
and tell the world what you all did.
And then you'll go to prison.
Kids in school will learn to despise you.
And one day, many, many years from now…
you'll die…
alone…
and then I'll get my wish.
Until then…
I'm just gonna have to be patient.
[Diane yelling, wincing]
[dramatic music playing]
[door opening]
Peter.
Rose.
Please come in.
Wouldn't blame you if you never set foot
in this building again.
Not at all, Madam President.
It's an honor, always.
Why don't you have a seat?
Now, I understand why you're trying
to stay anonymous through all this,
but it pains me not to be able
to say thank you in front of the world.
Well, life's easier
when no one's paying attention to you.
I'm inclined to agree.
-Any news on Gordon Wick?
-[Michelle] Not yet.
We'll find him though.
Now, if you won't let me
pin a medal on you,
there's gotta be something
I can do for you.
Anything.
Name it.
I wanna know the truth about my father.
[contemplative music playing]
[man] Agent Arrington?
[Chelsea] Sir.
Congratulations on the appointment.
Terrible circumstances, but thank you.
Still hard to believe.
Two of the very best.
Look, I know you're on leave,
but I wanted to call you in
to see if maybe you'd like to say
a few words tomorrow at the ceremony.
-Me?
-I didn't know Monks personally.
The person who knew him best was Almora.
I didn't know Erik very long.
Understood. Just thought I'd offer.
-Everyone is aware--
-Actually…
sure.
-I'd like that.
-[man] Good.
I want you to know
that when you're ready to come back,
the president has
a spot for you on her detail.
That comes at her personal invitation.
[Chelsea exhaling]
I--
Thank you, sir.
Um, I'll need to think about it.
I want it.
Details to come.
[triumphant music playing]
-Sorry I'm late.
-No worries.
Feels good to have some time alone.
[indistinct chatter]
You know it's not your job
to protect me anymore, right?
Not sure who'll take longer
to adjust to our new normal, me or you?
I heard Travers offered to extend
your protection, even after you testify.
Yeah. I turned her down.
[Chelsea] I heard that too.
Why?
Need to start learning
how to take care of myself.
Fair enough.
So, what are you gonna do? Back to school?
Travel.
Study the masters in Rome maybe?
The farther away the better.
You?
Actually…
I got a new gig.
[keypad chiming]
[tense music playing]
[Peter sighing]
[man] Please state your name.
Peter Sutherland.
-[man] Peter Sutherland, Sr. Correct?
-[Peter Sr.] Yes.
[man] And according to
the cooperation agreement you just signed,
you understand
that no information you give to us today
serves as a guarantee
of a truncated sentence
should a conviction occur at any point.
-Do you understand?
-I understand.
[man] The first time you were approached
by a foreign agent was in 2004, yes?
[Peter Sr.] Correct.
[man] And did you know at that time
that these individuals were foreign agents
seeking to undermine
the American interests?
No, not then.
No.
[man] At what point did you know?
[somber music playing]
[Peter Sr. sighing heavily]
When, uh…
when I was offered payment.
[man] Payment for what?
[Peter Sr.] Information
on, uh, private contractors.
Commercial stuff
I… I figured wouldn't lead anywhere.
[man] And where did it lead?
I'm sorry.
[man] Where did it lead?
The Pentagon breach.
-[man] And where did that--?
-[keyboard clacking]
[dramatic music playing]
[door opening]
Thank you…
for, um… for doing that.
I know it isn't what you wanted to learn.
Maybe it was, actually.
What made me so angry
was the idea that he was innocent,
but he died before he could prove it.
But hearing him confess, it, uh…
[Michelle] Would you like to know why
your father was cooperating on tape?
He'd agreed to become a double agent.
He was in the process
of being prepped for deployment,
but the plan backfired
when he was killed by a foreign assassin
to stop him from helping us.
So it… it wasn't a car accident?
[Michelle] No.
Or a… or a suicide?
No.
The assassin was tracked down and killed
by Delta Force operators seven years ago.
But the public will never know about this.
Just like they will never know
the truth about your father.
Who killed him?
There are things
I'd like to tell you, Peter.
Things that if I did share, could put you
in a position to help this country
in ways that very few will ever appreciate
but are of vital importance.
I think you've been wasting away
in the basement.
In that room.
What if I put you
on the other end of that phone?
The Night Action program
runs deeper than you realize,
reaches farther than you can imagine.
Across continents.
How would you like to be a night agent?
[car engine revving]
[indistinct chatter]
[Rose] Thank you.
[Peter] Thank you.
Call me when you get there?
I will if they let me.
[tender music playing]
You're not gonna forget about me, right?
I couldn't if I tried.
I don't know when it'll be,
but I promise you
I'm gonna call you, okay?
And when I do, you better pick up.
I will. I kind of owe you one.
[both chuckling]
[upbeat song playing]
Agent Sutherland, that's for you.
You'll be able to unlock it
when you leave American airspace.
-Can you tell me where I'm going?
-That'll explain everything.
[man] Ready when you are, sir.
♪ I ♪
♪ I will be king ♪
♪ And you ♪
♪ You will be queen ♪
♪ And nothing ♪
♪ Could drive us away ♪
♪ We could be heroes ♪
[intercom chiming]
[captain] Agent Sutherland,
we've cleared American airspace.
♪ And we could be us ♪
♪ Oh, just for a day ♪
♪ We ♪
♪ We can be heroes ♪
♪ Just for a day ♪
[song ends]
[ending theme music playing]